Convert discourse page into documentation (SC-1043) (#2087)
canonical/ubuntu-advantage-client: docs/howtoguides/enable_cc.md

# How to enable CC EAL

> Common Criteria is supported only on 16.04 and 18.04. For more information on it,

Reviewer: Maybe we can insert a comment saying that the certified versions are `16.04.4` and `18.04.4`, stating that the scripts will be there anyway but will only run on those point releases

# How to enable CC EAL

Common Criteria is supported only on 16.04 and 18.04. For more information on it,
please see https://ubuntu.com/security/cc

To enable it through UA, please run:

```console
$ sudo ua enable cc-eal
```

You should see output like the following, indicating that the CC EAL packages has
been installed.

```
(This will download more than 500MB of packages, so may take some time.)
Installing CC EAL2 packages
CC EAL2 enabled
Please follow instructions in /usr/share/doc/ubuntu-commoncriteria/README to configure EAL2
```

> **NOTE: CC EAL can be enable on both Xenial and Bionic, but the scripts installed that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: CC EAL can be enabled on both Xenial and Bionic, but the installed scripts which
```
